Privacy Policy for Personal Use Application

Effective date: Mar-14 '24

This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you may provide on the CMMS Dashboard and any of its related products and services (collectively, "Services") is collected, protected, and used. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you ("User", "you" or "your") and this Application developer ("Operator", "we", "us" or "our"). By accessing and using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

Collection of personal information
You can access and use the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. If, however, you wish to use some of the features on the Services, you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information (for example, your name and e-mail address). We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you fill any online forms on the Services. When required, this information may include the following:
- Personal details such as name, country of residence, etc.
- Contact information such as email address, address, etc.
- Any other materials you willingly submit to us such as articles, images, feedback, etc.

Use and processing of collected information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience; improve our Services; improve customer service and respond to queries and emails of our users; run and operate our Services. Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding the usage of the Services. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.

We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties. The personal information received will only be used to fill your order. We do not sell or otherwise transfer your personal information.

Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms related to the Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Services. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.

Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to access or use the Services.

Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your Personal Information, you may send an email to memjettw@gmail.com

This document was last updated on Mar-14 '24
